use pinned deps to specify sysimage contents (#5)
beacon-biosignals/julia_pod: README.md

time it takes to `using MyProject` your project.

The convention for inclusion into the sysimage is that any
project dependency that is **pinned** included,
unless it is blacklisted as a package known not to work with

> `PackageCompiler.jl`. To add dependency `TheDependency` to the
> sysimage, in a julia REPL `Pkg` mode, do `]pin TheDependency`.
> Pinned packages show with a little ⚲ next to them when listed
> with `]status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PackageCompiler.jl`. To add the dependency `Example` to the
sysimage, in a julia REPL `Pkg` mode, do `]pin Example`.
Pinned packages show with a little ⚲ next to them when listed
with `]status`.
```

This convention came about because the package manager `Pkg.jl`
is not aware of what dependencies are included in the sysimage
(they are treated as un-versioned dependencies as though they

> were part of the julia std lib, and always take precedence over

Reviewer: ```suggestion
were part of the julia stdlib, and always take precedence over
```

Reviewer: FYI: In the official documentation Julia refers to the language while `julia` refers to the executable. I typically use "Julia" in documentation

whatever dependencies `Pkg.jl` thinks it has added to the

> project): it is good practice to pin the versions of
> dependencies that are in a sysimage, so that the versions that
> are actually being used match the versions that `Pkg.jl` thinks
> it is working with. This is why we decided to just make the set

Reviewer: ```suggestion
project). Pinning the packages that are included in the sysimage 
ensures that the package versions used by `Pkg.jl` are fixed 
and cannot be accidentally changed. Without pinning a user
could change the version of a package via Pkg but find that they
are still only using the version locked into the sysimage.
This is why it was decided to use pinned packages to control
what is built into the sysimage.
```

> of dependencies that have pinned versions be those that get
> included in the built sysimage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
